= A Super-repository of non-Wikimedia hosted extensions =

This repository holds a number of submodules pointing to the repositories of MediaWiki extensions that are not hosted on Wikimedia's Gerrit instance.  If you want to add one, just send us a pull request.

Repositories included here will automatically be included in [https://codesearch.wmflabs.org/search/ MediaWiki code search], which is used by MediaWiki core developers when identifying usage levels during the deprecation process.

== How to add your own repository ==

The simplest thing you can do is [https://github.com/MWStake/nonwmf-extensions/issues/new submit an issue] with the URL of the repository.

Of course, while your issue will get the the repository added, the '''''quickest''''' way to get your repositories added here (in other words, you'll save the maintainers of this repository from doing a lot of work) is to create a pull request that adds then to in accordance with this repository's policy.  The policy is recorded in the [[policy]] script.

To add your extension to this repository, fork this repository, check out your fork, go to the directory containing the checkout, and create a branch with the named after your extension(s).  (See [https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork Creating a pull reaquest from a fork] if you need information on how to do any of this.)

Now, edit the <tt>.gitmodules</tt> to add a stanza like this one:
<blockquote><pre>
[submodule "SemanticMediaWiki"]
	path = SemanticMediaWiki
	url = https://github.com/SemanticMediaWiki/SemanticMediaWiki.git
</pre></blockquote>

(Of course, as a reminder, use your own repository and name instead of the ones for SemanticMediaWiki.)

After updating <tt>.gitmodules</tt>, run the <tt>[[policy]]</tt> script on your fork's checkout.

After successful completion of the above steps, commit your changes and push update your fork's Github repository.  Again, refer to [https://docs.github.com/en/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/proposing-changes-to-your-work-with-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork Creating a pull reaquest from a fork] if you need information on how to do any of this.
